Revise security issue reporting guidelines in dependencies (#63)
apache/security-site: content/report-dependency.md

If the issue is already public, for example an already published CVE from the dependency, do not contact a private security mailing list. When an advisory is published for a library in the dependency tree of an ASF project or artifact, more often than not, the project does not use the dependency in a way that is affected by the problem described in the advisory. For this reason we don't accept the simple fact that an advisory exists for a dependency as a vulnerability report in itself.

Practical steps you can take in this situation are:

* Check the projects' public communication channels, such as their website, issue tracker and development mailinglists, to see if the advisory has already been discussed there.
* Check the projects' current source version control system to see if the dependency has already been upgraded. If so, then you can expect the next release to mitigate this risk.

> If you cannot find existing information on whether the project is affected by the issue in the advisory, it may be up to you, as a part of the project community, to participate in its handling. Ensure you provide detailed information when starting a discussion - review how the project uses the dependency and have your opinion on the priority to upgrade, or even remove, the dependency. Contributions upgrading the dependency to a version that is not affected by the problem are generally welcomed, though will not typically expedite the release schedule.

Reviewer: 👍

> If you cannot find existing information on whether the project is affected by the issue in the advisory, it may be up to you, as a part of the project community, to participate in its handling. Ensure you provide detailed information when starting a discussion - review how the project uses the dependency and have your opinion on the priority to upgrade, or even remove, the dependency. Contributions upgrading the dependency to a version that is not affected by the problem are generally welcomed, though will not typically expedite the release schedule.

Reviewer 2: If the project has Dependabot, contributions to upgrade the dependency are more an annoyance than anything else IMHO.

Author: Maybe a bullet point to explicitly say "If on GitHub: Look for PRs from Dependabot"?

Author: Adding: 

* Check the projects' current source version control system to see if automation has already flagged the issue, for example Dependabot opening pull requests on GitHub.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Only when you have a POC how the 3rd-party affects security of tha Apache Software Foundation project,  report the POC and explanation about the security issue privately to the project.

```

Author: Changed the next sentence to:

"To influence release schedules, please provide a proof-of-concept report that the advisory affects the Apache Software Foundation project in question (not the dependency) through the private channels described [here](https://security.apache.org/report-code). If your analysis identifies other or related issues affecting the project, report these through the private channels."

> If your analysis identifies a broader issue related to the dependencies advisory, please share that information with us with the appropriate level of detail through the private channels described [here](https://security.apache.org/report-code).

Reviewer: "confirms the issue described in the advisory does impact this project" may not have been super clear, but I don't really think "identifies a broader issue related to the dependencies advisory" is clearer.

Maybe: "If your analysis confirms the project is using the dependency in a way that is in fact impacted by the behavior described in the advisory" ? Still not super happy.

Author: I'm looking to change the meaning. The original text felt like "Yes, this project depends on X -> contact security". Whereas I think it should only contact security when there is a larger issue, like this vulnerability identifies a larger vulnerability in the project that increases the risk.

Author: Changed to:

"To influence release schedules, please provide a proof-of-concept report that the advisory affects the Apache Software Foundation project in question (not the dependency) through the private channels described [here](https://security.apache.org/report-code). If your analysis identifies other or related issues affecting the project, report these through the private channels."

> If you have verified the issue does not impact the project, it is an appreciated contribution if you can share this analysis through the project's public channels, so others can review this work and make their own risk assessment.

Reviewer: 👍

Practical steps you can take in this situation are:

* Check the projects' public communication channels, such as their website, issue tracker and development mailinglists, to see if the advisory has already been discussed there.
* Check the projects' current source version control system to see if the dependency has already been upgraded. If so, then you can expect the next release to mitigate this risk.
* Check the projects' current source version control system to see if automation has already flagged the issue, for example Dependabot opening pull requests on GitHub.

If you cannot find existing information on whether the project is affected by the issue in the advisory, it may be up to you, as a part of the project community, to participate in its handling. Ensure you provide detailed information when starting a discussion - review how the project uses the dependency and have your opinion on the priority to upgrade, or even remove, the dependency. Contributions upgrading the dependency to a version that is not affected by the problem are generally welcomed, though will not typically expedite the release schedule.

> To influence release schedules, please provide a proof-of-concept report that the advisory affects the Apache Software Foundation project in question (not the dependency) through the private channels described [here](https://security.apache.org/report-code). If your analysis identifies other or related issues affecting the project, report these through the private channels.

Reviewer: Sorry to contradict other review comments here, but I think requiring a proof-of-concept might be too heavy. I think I would prefer:

```suggestion
If you want us to treat your report as a vulnerability in our code, please provide a convincing analysis that the advisory affects the Apache Software Foundation project in question (not just the dependency) through the private channels described [here](https://security.apache.org/report-code). If your analysis identifies other or related issues affecting the project, report these through the private channels.
```

Reviewer 3: Much better yes.
